# Project Structure
## .venv/
This directory contains all of your virtual environment's data, libraries, and executables. This directory should not be touched nor should it be committed or uploaded to the repo.
## .vscode/
This directory contains files used by Visual Studio Code. This directory and its contents should be left alone.
## docs/
This directory contains the project's documentation.
## scripts/
This directory contains PowerShell scripts for actions such as setting up the virtual environment, activating the virtual environment, running the project, etc.
#### scripts/activate.ps1
This script activates the virtual environment.
#### scripts/delete-venv.ps1
This script deletes the virtual environment by deleting the ".venv" directory and its contents.
#### scripts/gen-requirements.ps1
This script generates the "requirements.txt" file that is used to download and install the project's dependencies when deploying the project.
#### scripts/run.ps1
This script runs the game.
#### scripts/setup-venv.ps1
This script creates the virtual environment and downloads/installs any dependencies.
## src/
This directory contains all of the project's Python source code.
## themes/
This directory contains all of the UI themes used by pygame_gui's elements.
## .gitattributes
Some sort of file for git.
## .gitignore
This file contains files and directories that git doesn't include as being part of the project, thus not being uploaded to the GitHub repo.
## README.md
This file contains the markdown that is seen at the bottom of the GitHub repo's main page.
## requirements.txt
This file contains a list of Python packages and versions that the project is dependent on.
## TextGame.code-workspace
This file is generated by Visual Studio Code so the project can be opened as a workspace by VS Code. This file should be left alone.